Readme update for migration (#77)
hasura/pg-client-hs: README.md

A low level Postgres client library for Haskell. Used at Hasura in various production projects.

This library is no longer developed here, but remains in case it is used as a
project dependency. All further updates can be found in the

> [graphql-engine](https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine/tree/main/server/lib/pg-client-hs) repository.

Author: This link does not exist yet as the monorepo has not yet been copied to the public Github.

> This library is no longer developed here, but remains in case it is used as a
> project dependency. All further updates can be found in the
> [graphql-engine](https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine/tree/main/server/lib/pg-client-hs) repository.

Reviewer: This wording could be misinterpreted to mean that the code isn't being developed at all anymore.
```suggestion
The code for this library has now moved to another git repository, and can be
found here: 
[graphql-engine](https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine/tree/main/server/lib/pg-client-hs) repository.
```

We should also mark this git repository as archived.

> [graphql-engine](https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine-mono/tree/main/server/lib/pg-client-hs) repository.

Author: ```suggestion
[graphql-engine](https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine/tree/main/server/lib/pg-client-hs) repository.
```
